---
name: Heather Besignano
role: Founder & CEO
---

Heather Besignano, Founder & CEO of ICON PR and previously COO at East 2 West Collective, has over a decade of experience within the publicity field and a previous background in music management and artist development. During this time, she has led campaigns for high-level talent, artist tour and release strategy campaigns, charitable events and has successfully led years of awards campaigns including Oscars, SAG Awards, Golden Globes, Critics’ Choice Awards, Grammy Awards and the Emmys.

Heather Besignano’s passion, strengths, and creative vision aspire to breed the next generation of breakout talent and artists. She has a knack for re-branding clients who have long been in the media eye and handles crisis communication of varying levels regularly. Many of her clients are cross-over talent that are both artists and actors or are social influencers/digital natives with a known talent that can be utilized to create a narrative for their brand partnerships, projects and more. In 2021 she and ICON PR were listed in [Business Insider’s Top List of PR Pros for Influencers][BI]. Most recently she has added Podcast Booker to her resume and helps bring talent and media engagement to shows such as Mayim Bialik’s Breakdown, A Little Kinder Podcast (Kinder Beauty Brand’s Podcast hosted by Evanna Lynch and Daniella Monet), That’s Total Mom Sense and many more.

A Houston, Texas native, Heather is known for bringing her Southern charm and marketing expertise to the campaigns she works on. A niche specialty, Heather is also savvy in the celebrity author arena having worked on the campaigns for several best-selling authors including Mayim Bialik’s multiple releases: “Beyond the Sling”, “Mayim’s Vegan Table” and the New York Times #1 Best-Seller “Girling Up: How to be Strong, Smart and Spectacular”, Alicia Silverstone’s “The Kind Diet”, Kate Siegel’s “Mother, Can You Not” and Melissa Rivers’ “Book of Joan” to name a few. She is a member of the San Fernando Valley chapter of Moms Demand Action, a member of the Houston International Sports Film Festival Advisory Board, a member of the Female Founder Collective, a member of the Rolling Stone Culture Council and an Executive Council Member with the Elevate Network. She is married to music composer and artist, Kevin Besignano and currently resides in Los Angeles with their daughter, Bella.

[BI]: https://www.businessinsider.com/top-pr-pros-and-publicists-for-influencers-youtube-tiktok-instagram-2021-3#icon-pr-heather-besignano-9